Notes:
    Select notes link in https://fullstack-exampleapp.herokuapp.com/
    cmd+shift+i or F12 for console window

HTTP Get:-
    Network tab, select the html resource listed, find the headers from the requests and response
    info:-
        1. success state 200
        2. encoding utf-8
        3. Response(find in tab, near header tab) is a html Page containing, an image and a href link
        4. So agter get, server sends the html code
        5. browser then asks for every resource like image, in following req
        6. So html page is loaded first then the image is requested

Traditional Web applications:-
    We aren't using the old method of naive browsers.
    But we can still use the option of writing html code within js.

Running application logic on the browser:-
    write a note in text box, add it to the page through JS and store the   data in json
    steps:-
        1. Request the notes page
        2. html page contains info about css, js in script tag, json
        3. request them accordingly
        4. The xhttp in js activates json request on execution
        5. When status is 200 for the webpage(?) xhttp reads json
        6. for each element in json, a list item is added to an ul in page
        7. this ul is sent to the html
    use console.log like commands to see the content info in the console
    xhttp.send is the request to the server
Event Handlers:-
    like when onreadystatechange handles the event using a function
Callback functions:-
    the function that handles an event is a callback function

DOM:-
    Document Object Model API
    Tree like structures
    document.getElementById
    getElementsByTagName
    Page manipulation example done using console unless pushed to server is not saved, and aren't stored when the page is refreshed

CSS:-
    Cascading Style Sheets, or CSS, is a markup language used to determine the appearance of web pages.
    class selectors will the the id in elements like div, ul, etc
    check the styles tab inside the elements tab in the F12
    attributes in the class selectors are added to the class elements

Forms and HTTP POST:-
    submitting a new note to server is done by POST
    5 events happens here in this example
    POST (302 status) ->  new HTTP GET -> normal routine (html + css + js + data.json)
    server add the new note to data then redirects after receiving the POST

AJAX:-
    Asynchronous Javascript and XML
    the notes example uses old models like AJAX
    From Part3, intro to RESTful API's will be shown

Single Page App:-
    SPA as shortly, somewhat like the notes example
    New style of displaying the webpages
    status 201 - new resources created after success in POST

Javascript Libraries:-
    jQuery, Angular JS, React and Redux, Vue.js

Full stack - web development:-
    Frontend and Backend and the database
    In this course, backend is done with Node.js

Javascript fatigue:-
    challenging, buggy sometimes and hard to debug as well, developes fast with new concepts or libraries, keep track of this

Time Spent Learning Part 1: 1 Hr 20 Mins
Time Spent on Exercises: 